---
layout:     post
title:      "Hello 2015"
subtitle:   " \"Hello World, Hello Blog\""
date:       2015-01-29 12:00:00
author:     "Ishan"
header-img: "img/post-bg-2015.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - Meta
---

> “Yeah It's on. ”


Ishan's blog is just opened.

[Skip nonsense, look directly at technology implementation] (#BUILD)

In 2015, Ishan finally had a place to write something well.


As a programmer, if the wheel of blog is too boring to hang on the popular blog program. One is that most BLOG services are too ugly, and the other is that it is not fun to customize it casually. Because I was too lazy to toss before, there was no place to write blog.

After playing for a while, the pleasure of answering the question aroused my impulse to open blogs. Previous [Personal Website] (http://huangxuan.me/portfolio) is the form of the work (now integrated), it is not suitable for writing blog posts.

<p id = "build"></p>

## 正文

Next, let's talk about the technical details of building this blog.

Before that, I have paid attention to [github pays] (https://pages.github.com/) + [jekyll] (http://jekyllrb.com/) The technical solution of fast builting blog is very easy and fashionable.

Its advantages are very obvious:

* **Markdown** The elegant writing experience brought
* Very familiar Git workflow ，**Git Commit 即 Blog Post**
* Use Github Pages's domain name and free unlimited space, do not need to toss the host by yourself
* If you need to customize the domain name, you only need to simply change the DNS plus a CNAME 
* Jekyll's customization is very easy, basically a template engine


The biggest disadvantage may be that GitHub visited too slowly in China, so the next day, I went to GitCafe (Chinese Github Copy, and now I was acquired by Coding). me) came out, and the result was still very slow.

Brother is a forefront! Decisively opened Chrome Devtool to check the Internet request. It turned out to be ** Pending Google Fonts** Page rendering has been blocked until the request timeout, no wonder it is so slow.  
I had to endure love, so I had to go web fonts (anyway, only Fallback can be seen), it is normal at a time, and the comparison of github and gitcafe does not feel the significant speed difference. Some, reached 300ms, so I optimized the speed with DNSPOD.

---

I didn’t encounter any pits during the configuration process, basically the process of git, which is quite smooth.

The big Jekyll theme directly fork Clean Blog (this theme is also quite famous, so I wo n’t go into details. The only disadvantage is that there is no label support, so I give it up.)

The local debugging environment requires `Gem Install Jekyll`, as a result, the source of Rubygem was actually wall ... Later

The CSS of Theme is customized based on Bootstrap. It is good to change it directly in the LESS (usually more accustomed to SCSS), but in fact, I always think that Bootstrap's experience on the mobile terminal is quite average, which is better than me than me. The CSS framework participated in Taobao is much worse ... ** So in order to experience, a lot of CSS has also been made in

Finally, I entered the most time -consuming ** to make pictures and writing. It passed in the middle of the night.

Considering the rendering of Chinese font the next day, FORK's `FONT` CSS of [Type is Beautiful] (http://www.typeisbeautical.com/), the font size was adjusted, which adapted to Win's residue rendering, Chinese and English mixed row The effect is much better.


## postscript

Looking back at the birth of this blog, it is purely because of personal interests. After answering and obtaining a certain STAR on Zhihu related questions, I decided to take this blog theme as a small open source project to maintain.

After experiencing the transformation of V1.0 -V1.5, the theme of this blog is becoming more and more complete, which not only increases the optimizationuate of many UI layers; at the code level, the richer configuration items also make this theme better to have a better one Flexibility and expansion. As an open source project, I also actively improve their documents and solve issues.

If you happen to be here, I hope you can also like this blog theme.

—— Ishan Dutta on 2015.10
