---
layout: post
Title: "How to evaluate MIUI 6?"
date: 2014-08-16 12:00:00
Author: "Ishan"
Header-IMG: "IMG/Post-BG-MIUI6.jpg"
tags:
     - Know almost
     - product
     -UX/UI
---

> This article is reproduced from [My Answer on Zhihu] (http://www.zhihu.com/question/24783844/answer/29286896)


<div>
     <blockquote> MIUI 6, full of "reference", iOS 7 version of Android ...
         <br> Mi 4, the bunker, I don't accept a score, it is the iPhone 4 ... </blockquote> You do n’t oppose these.
     <br>
     <br> <b> However, you have too high requirements for Xiaomi </b>.
     <br>
     <br> In fact, Xiaomi is just a company that has only started for 4 years.
     <br> <b> Do you expect Xiaomi to lead a new design style? </b>
     <br> <b> Or expect it to reflect our independent innovation capabilities internationally internationally? </b>
     <br>
     <br> You think too much.
     <br>
     <br> Not to mention, <b> MIII is not designed </b>, it is better than many domestic, international manufacturers' ROMs are too much.
     <br> It just does not have many new designs. The vision of iOS 7 is mixed with the interaction of most Android + WP. I don't know if I really appreciate some of Android's interaction, or because after all, it is based on Android.
     <br>
     <br> <b> Because there is no design thought behind it, it is the same as that of all the things you feel, and it feels that it will be copied by what you will be recognized. </b>
     <br>
     <br> <b> There is no problem with this idea, </b> <b> Most users will feel better </b>, and the international fan has a sense of design. At most a few people in the circle (including me), the group of people who did not really buy its mobile phones were just indignant.
     <br>
     <br> <b> The risk of self -reliance is too high. </b>
     <br> <b> Mi 4 configuration + MIUI 6, is almost invincible at this price, which is enough. </b>
     <br>
     <br> As for the official "candy" design, it is simply a joke. The design designed by Ive's iOS 7 or Material Design, the design designed by Metro is not a height at all.
     <br>
     <br>
     <br> In fact, sometimes Xiaomi feels like Tencent (especially Tencent earlier years).
     <br> <b> In fact, it is not the role of an innovator, then you can learn from and integrate. </b>
     <br>
     <br> What do users like,
     <br> What does the company need,
     <br> What is popular in the public,
     <br> Then we do it.
     <br>
     <br> <b> It is the first place to win the market. It is the first place </b>.
     <br> <b> Do it bigger first to do bigger things </b>.
     <br>
     <br> Lao Luo has any feelings. If the hammer is dead, it will be like that.
     <br>
     <br> You accuse Xiaomi of not much innovation, or Tencent always has a cottage Start UP. I agree, I am angry with you, but what does it mean.
     <br>
     <br> They do this, for the development of existing companies,
     <br> <b> It is nothing wrong. </b>
     <br>
     <br>
</div>