---
layout: post
Title: "How to evaluate the Apple Spring Conference on March 9, 2015?"
subtitle: "Talking about technology and new luxury goods"
date: 2015-03-10 12:00:00
Author: "Ishan"
hidden: true
Header-IMG: "IMG/Post-BG-APPELE-EVENT-2015.jpg"
tags:
     - Know almost
     - product
---

> This article is reproduced from [My Answer on Zhihu] (http://www.zhihu.com/question/28617408/answer/41626694)


<div>
     <blockquote> a gay, a gay-like, flying with Apple towards <b> new luxury goods </b>. </blockquote>
     <br> Whether it is Apple Watch, or New MacBook, this conference symbolizes the more obvious transformation of Apple.
     <br>
     <br> The simple and rude contrast between Apple and Microsoft should be more different. The two companies have a completely different strategy for the digital age. They change the world's ideas, and they have huge differences than the Gates-Jobs era.
     <br>
     <br> MS is still MS, just like Nadella's full letter in July, Microsoft's strategy still returned to <b> "productivity". </b> In fact, Microsoft's pursuit of "future" is a very intuitive pursuit of "future". The technology we first understand, such as gesture interaction, virtual reality, machine automation, high -efficiency office. Microsoft's audiences are more for productivity and work groups (engineers, office staff). Therefore, soft dogs can always say that Microsoft Blah Blah can always be said, because Microsoft does have irreplaceable nest for this part of the scene.
     <br>
     <br> <b> and Apple gradually transforms into LVs in the digital age. </b> This is not to say that it has abandoned technology, but another possibility of "science and technology pursuing the ultimate" -the intersection between technology and humanities, and even the cross -border integration of technology and fashion.
     <br>
     <br> Let's imagine the future a little:
     <br>
     <br> The integration of technology and life must be closer and closer. More "objects" will be combined with science and technology, and these smart devices will become more and more popular. The crowds they face will become wider and wider until they cover everyone.
     <br> It can be said that the current technology is still very stiff, and we can easily associate technology with Geek and NERD. When a thing and technology are stained, we often realize that: "Oh, this is a technology product", so we ignore other things and pay more attention to its scientific and technological (functional), but in the future no the same.
     <br> In the future, technology will be very common. In the future, technology will be more invisible, just like current glasses, furniture, clothes, bags ... Who will care about the complex material science and crafts behind them? We will only think that they are necessities of life, then care about their appearance and comfort, and choose their favorite products.
     <br>
     <br> <b> The same is true of technology. When technology is everywhere, we are no longer the only consideration for the functional requirements of the "technology product" itself. </b>
     <br>
     <br>
     <br> The reason why LV's bags become luxury goods is not only because "when it is a bag, its functional (selection, workmanship) is very good and durable." , Happiness, social value, etc., all premiums brought.
     <br>
     <br> The Apple Watch, New MacBook is obviously doing the same thing.
     <br>
     <br> When it comes to luxury, the word "luxury" is basically derogatory in my country. The translation in the dictionary is <b> "extravagant waste of money, excessive pursuit of enjoyment" </b>, but luxury is in English In fact, there are many neutrality.
     <br>
     <br> Compared with old -fashioned luxury, new luxuryism is widely accepted among this generation of middle -class consumers. The so -called new luxuryism refers to products with higher service quality and higher quality in similar products, making consumers fascinating. They are expensive, but they are not expected to be expected.
     <br>
     <blockquote> The German industrialist Ratzler has made interesting discussions on old luxury and new luxury in the book "Luxury Bringing Rich" (2001). He uses mobile phones as an example to illustrate the differences in two ways: if a mobile phone is outstanding because of its advanced technology and providing value -for -money functions for customers, then mobile phones such as production and consumption are new luxury that needs to be advocated; On the contrary, if a mobile phone is not because of its excellent technical performance, but because the mobile phone puts a golden shell embedded with diamonds, the price is expensive, then mobile phones such as production and consumption are disgusting old luxury.
         <br>
     </Blockquote> Add it: <b> This sentence came from 2001. It is not completely applicable to now. </b>
     <br>
     <br> The significance of mobile phones to today's society is no longer a simple communication device. The real difference is in that sentence: "Design is about how it works", the connotation of <b> new luxury is that a certain design of the product is really meaningful, or it is simply expensive. </b>
     <br> For today's digital products, industrial design and art design are a very important part of their consumer products. If you use gold to provide users with more appearance options, or use diamonds for hardness. Instead of simply stacking them to increase prices, these designs are in line with the connotation of "new luxury".
     <br>
     <br> So when we look back at the New MacBook, we think it is typical of <b> new luxury goods in the digital product industry </b>.
     <br>
     <br> When we vomited the main frequency, fan, and interface for the extreme lightness, when we bought it to buy a battery, when we compared it to MBA, MBP, Surface, compares its "parameter/price ratio" ... Mowing
     <br>
     <br> In fact, the audience is the Sir or Lady, which has spending power to pursue quality of life. They do not need to develop, heavy office or play games every day. For only portable and quiet (light + battery life + fanless) Look at the movie (Retina Display), and hope that for them to show their taste and identity (elegant appearance + extreme design), New MacBook is the most suitable light luxury product that is most suitable for "wear".
     <br>
     <br>
     <br> Some people say that Apple Watch is simply a genius Jony Ive who is yearning for luxury design to introduce Apple into astrology, but why is it not a beautiful thing for the combination of <b> technology and fashion? </b>
</div>
